added a few more wikis (#6817)
microsoft/pylance-release: README.md

    - Performance Consideration:
        - Adjusting this setting will cause Pylance to allocate more resources for indexing third-party libraries.

- [`python.analysis.persistAllIndices`](docs/settings/python_analysis_persistAllIndices.md)
    - Used to specify whether indices for all third-party libraries should be persisted to disk.
    - Default value: `true`
    - Performance Consideration:

>         - Enabling this setting can improve performance at load by reducing the need to re-index third-party libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Enabling this setting can improve startup performance by reducing the need to re-index third-party libraries.
```
